\-\-- layout: post title: Food glorious food date:
\'2005-11-15T19:08:00.000Z\' author: Paddy tags: modified\_time:
\'2005-11-15T19:23:27.490Z\' blogger\_id:
tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-113208260747643762
blogger\_orig\_url:
https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2005/11/food-glorious-food.html \-\--
Well, as I type this my wonderful girlfriend is preparing our tea.
She\`s talked me into trying burgers with leek in. Now, anybody who
knows me knows I have the weirdest phobia towards food known to man.
Phobia isn\`t really the right word. But i\`m fussy. I\`m beyond fussy.\
\
Most of it is psycological. I have a long list of foods I don\`t like
and if I find i\`m eating something containing an item of food off my
hit list I will want to be sick. Anything containing fruit or vegetables
in any quantity is an instant no no. So why was I okay when my
(wonderful) girlfriend baked a chocolate and apple cake and I had a big
slice? I couldn\`t really taste the apple, I couldn\`t tell I was eating
it but I [knew ]{style="font-style:italic;"}I was eating it.\
\
It really is annoying as it stops me eating a lot off what otherwise
look wonderful meals. It\`s a nightmare at restaraunts. Altho I usually
have the fish!\
\
I think my girlfriend is changing the way my brain views food little by
little. I don\`t think i\`ll ever just grab a tomato and start eating it
[]{style="font-style:italic;"} but as long as it\`s shredded very finely
and is only 1% of the meal then i\`ll probably be okay eating it without
dying!\
\
If I never post anything else after this then you know the leek was not
okay.
