\-\-- layout: post title: Grump date: \'2005-11-22T19:12:00.000Z\'
author: Paddy tags: modified\_time: \'2005-11-22T19:30:34.486Z\'
blogger\_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-113268783447110132
blogger\_orig\_url: https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2005/11/grump.html
\-\-- Ok, i\`m in a funny mood. Must be something to do with the weather
cos my girlfriend is in a funny mood. I\`m just pissed off with
everything. This post is so gonna be nothing but a whine and a bitch
from me.\
\
I get days when all I want is to be on my own, alone. Nothing and nobody
around me. I get days when i\`m the exact opposite. And I get days when
I don\`t know what the hell I want. I think it\`s the build up to
Christmas. I have no idea what to get my girlfriend. Which isn\`t much
of a problem cos I have no money anyway. Which is something else. I\`m
sick of having no money. I work my arse off 5 days a week and have
nothing to show for it.\
\
Which isn\`t true I guess, I have a nice house, nice car and we can
afford cable tv, broadband and a few other nice things. But thats it. No
spare money. Hardly any savings. It\`s just the situation at the minute.
Z only works one day a week at the minute, so I know it could get
better. Which is probably it. She complains when she has to get up for
her one day a week at work when I\`m dragging my arse out of bed at 7:30
5 times a week. I\`m just jealous I guess, lol.\
\
I wish I had a bit of talent. Turn this blog into a million pound
publication. But I guess there are a million other people out there
doing the same. There are 15 year old kids making a ton of money with
their web businesses! I guess I missed the boat. I\`m just feeling sorry
for myself which is stupid cos my lot is better than many people\`s.
