\-\-- layout: post title: Struggling date:
\'2005-10-17T20:50:00.000+01:00\' author: Paddy tags: modified\_time:
\'2005-10-17T21:04:16.736+01:00\' blogger\_id:
tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-112957945672526484
blogger\_orig\_url:
https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2005/10/struggling.html \-\-- Well,
doing my best not to let all my depressing thoughts take over my blog.
But I guess as i\`m the only one viewing it then it doesn\`t really
matter.\
\
Thought i\`d have a better day at work today now the 13th has come and
gone. Felt really out of place tho. Kinda disjointed. Didn\`t want to be
there, do anything. Just didn\`t want to be. I know the 13th should be
like any other day. I miss my brother every day. It\`s difficult to put
into words, which kinda makes it all the more difficult when you want to
write them down in a blog!\
\
I feel so safe in my own home. Surrounded by the people and animals that
rely on me, want me and are there for me. I try and put it down to the
fact that I don\`t want to work!, but it\`s more than that. It\`s
different to the feeling I get when I just can\`t be arsed to work. I
think it\`s just the time of year. Another 2 months and it would have
been David\`s birthday. Then it\`s Christmas, then my birthday. Urgh,
too many anniversaries to remind me i\`m on my own.\
\
There, I feel a bit better. Time to let go of the real world and sit on
the internet for a while.
