\-\-- layout: post title: fame! date: \'2005-11-13T19:25:00.000Z\'
author: Paddy tags: modified\_time: \'2005-11-13T19:50:07.190Z\'
blogger\_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-113191140714065835
blogger\_orig\_url: https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2005/11/fame.html
\-\-- Woo, downloaded and listened to couple of podcasts this morning,
including [The Mike Tech Show](https://www.miketechshow.com/). He gave a
shoutout to me about the message I left him on skype!\...woo. Ok, so
it\`s not gonna set me on the road to stardom but it was a cool moment
:)\
\
Nothing exciting to tell. Had a lazy day, some of my stuff seems to be
selling on ebay, so that\`ll be a few pennies for Christmas. Trying not
to spend too much this year as we bought a new car and have to be
careful with the money, so i\`m trying novel new ways to get Christmas
presents without spending too much. All legal of course!
[Pigsback](https://www.pigsback.com) is one such site where you can earn
points towards vouchers, online surveys is another altho that takes a
while to earn enough money to be worthwile. So I resort to selling stuff
that\`s been gathering dust for a while on ebay.\
\
Really want to buy 2 more pet rats. We went to the pet shop yesterday
and they had 2 really cute looking little girls. They were housed on
sawdust which is terrible for their respiration. One was sneezing some
and I nearly bought them on the spot. But we haven\`t really got the
room for them. It broke my heart walking out of there without them and I
haven\`t been able to stop worrying about them since.\
\
Keep telling myself I can\`t save every animal, doesn\`t help though.
