\-\-- layout: post title: Jingle Bells Jingle Bells date:
\'2005-11-19T08:13:00.000Z\' author: Paddy tags: modified\_time:
\'2005-11-19T08:23:57.296Z\' blogger\_id:
tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-113238863728487376
blogger\_orig\_url:
https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2005/11/jingle-bells-jingle-bells.html
\-\-- Ok, getting all christmasy now. It\`s nearly December, i\`m sat at
my pc looking out the window at a white backgarden. The frost is really
heavy this morning. Always start to feel christmasy when it gets like
this.\
\
I haven\`t really grown out of Christmas yet. I don\`t get as excited
about getting presents now, well not overly excited to the point where I
can\`t breath! But it\`s the whole \'goodwill to all mankind\' business.
Apart from mankind can go fuck itself, goodwill to all my friends and
animals everywhere is more like it.\
\
A couple of weeks off work, a box of biscuits for cheese and a bottle of
port for that midday snack, tons of food and drink and Christmas tv and
i\`m happy :)\
\
Made a bit of money on ebay selling old books n stuff so have a bit of
spare cash to buy my girlfriend some presents. I\`m hopeless at present
buying. I\`d love to be spontaneous and surprise her with lots of little
things. But my brain doesn\`t seem to have the imagination to do things
like that sometimes. So I sit on amazon and ebay getting frustrated
because I can\`t find the things I want, mainly cos I don\`t know what
those things are!\
\
She seems to find it easy. Maybe it\`s because i\`m interested in so
many things that there\`s always something suitable for me.
