\-\-- layout: post title: Medical update date:
\'2005-11-03T18:09:00.000Z\' author: Paddy tags: modified\_time:
\'2005-11-03T18:19:18.440Z\' blogger\_id:
tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-113104195841499054
blogger\_orig\_url:
https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2005/11/medical-update.html \-\-- Well
my neck feels a lot better today. Been coming home and soaking in a hot
bath straight from work, and doing my best not to move it much at night.
Thank God!\
\
Had my first experiance buying from
[Ebuyer](https://www.ebuyer.com/customer/home/). Must admit I was
pleasantly surprised. Not heard good reports of Ebuyer\`s customer
service. But my girlfriend has had several things off them with no
problems. So thought i\`d give them a go. Only bought a 8 socket surge
protector as i\`m running out of places to plug things in! Using an old
60Gb PC as a backup to mine and my girlfriends pc\`s. Found a really
cool link to a site showing [how to make an old vcr into a pet food
dispenser](https://spaces.msn.com/members/angelelusive/PersonalSpace.aspx?_c01_blogpart=blogmgmt&_c=blogpart)!\...might
have to give that a go with my old video recorder.\
\
Me and Zara are being a bit snappy with each other of late. Can\`t put
my finger on the problem to be honest. Maybe we need a break from each
other as we pretty much do everything together, maybe it\`s a bit too
much. Although our two cats are at each others throats, so maybe it\`s
something in the air!\
\
Well gonna go put things in ebay tonights as it\`s cheap listings night.
Gonna try n save up for a tivo\...sigh, so many things, so little money.
