\-\-- layout: post title: Dream date: \'2005-11-22T19:34:00.000Z\'
author: Paddy tags: modified\_time: \'2005-11-22T19:58:21.096Z\'
blogger\_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-113268883644640082
blogger\_orig\_url: https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2005/11/dream.html
\-\-- Oh yeah, had a really weird dream last night. Don\`t usually
remember them so thought i\`d write it down cos i\`m bound to forget to
tell Z about it.\
\
Anyway, apparently I went to the ballet. Or was it the opera? Well,
whichever, the main star was Rachel Stevens, mmm, nice. I went with a
guy I work with, i\`ll just call him S. Well, this opera/ballet thing
went on for a while. So I started to look around at the other people in
the place. We had one of those balcony/boxes type things. In the next
box was my ex-girlfriend i\`ll call N. She was there with another girl.
Who I assumed was her girlfriend for some strange reason. Anyway, we
keep smiling at each other and as the opera/ballet was droaning on we
both creep out the back of our boxes for a chat. We both sit on the
floor, backs against the wall and just start talking about God knows
what. We then start flicking crisps into our boxes at the people we came
with.\
\
We do this until we get bored n go back in to see what is going on. The
curtain has gone down and the peeps we came with are fast asleep. The
place is still full tho. We go back out for a laugh about our snoozing
friends and decide we should wake them up and go our seperate ways. So
we go into our boxes and our friends have gone! In fact the whole place
is empty. Deathly silent, then one by one the lights start to go out
until we are in pitch darkness.\
\
Things go a little fuzzy after that, I think I woke up soon afterwards
cos I remember thinking to myself \'what the hell was all that about\'.\
\
I need one of those books to understand dreams!
