\-\-- layout: post title: Oh i\`m a lumberjack\... date:
\'2005-11-20T16:37:00.000Z\' author: Paddy tags: modified\_time:
\'2005-11-20T16:47:35.313Z\' blogger\_id:
tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-113250525529738472
blogger\_orig\_url:
https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2005/11/oh-im-lumberjack.html \-\--
[![](https://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/7081/1699/320/Dscf9609.jpg)](https://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/7081/1699/1600/Dscf9609.jpg)Been
out in the fresh air doing manly type things. Had to prune (decimate)
our row of trees as they\`re blocking sunlight to the back garden due to
them being nearly as tall as our house!\
\
T\`was quite good fun in the end despite me doing my best to put it off
and pray for rain. Did a countryside management course years ago, it all
came flooding back when I found myself wobbling at the top of the ladder
with a saw in my hand.\
\
Christmas shopping is coming along nicely. Except for getting stuff for
my girlfriend. I just have no idea. I\`m hopeless. I\`m scouring ebay
but nothing seems suitable. Maybe it\`s beacuse i\`m not in a panic yet,
maybe my brain needs that last minute kick of adrenalin to start my
creative process.\
\
Enjoyed having a long weekend off work tho. Counting down the days until
I break up for christmas. Whenever that is. I hope I have lots of work
to go back to. Trying not to worry about the lack of work we have, it\`s
the time of year when we are slack. But not this slack. If the worse
happens and we go down to a four day week then i have plans. But I fear
if we did go to four days then the company would fold. Nobody can afford
a drop in wages. I\`m trying not to worry, but at least i\`m prepared
for it. I think.
