\-\-- layout: post title: Demons date: \'2006-02-03T21:31:00.000Z\'
author: Paddy tags: modified\_time: \'2006-02-03T22:40:57.646Z\'
blogger\_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-113900645739783608
blogger\_orig\_url:
https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2006/02/demons.html \-\-- Ok, today
has not been a good day.\
\
It\`s not my family that\`s been involved, but it does kinda involve
Zara\`s side of things. It\`s not my place to go into details. Even here
on my own blog so I\`ll not. So some of this might sound a bit obscure.\
\
We only met him once.\
At a party. Last year.\
A bbq. We met a lot of family neither of us had met before.\
We met her brother.\
He seemed like a nice bloke.\
He was a nice bloke, they were close.\
But he suffered from depression.\
\
And today we learnt he\`d commited suicide.\
\
I\`d only met him briefly at the party but it hit me really bad. I
don\`t know if it was because it reminded me of how I felt when I heard
my brother had been killed on his motorbike. Or the depression. Or the
suicide.\
\
I was 16 the first time. I didn\`t know where my life was going, who I
was or why I was on this planet. A typical teenager I guess.\
\
I used to cut. If I felt low or unwanted I would take a razor blade to
my arm and make quick cuts across my arms and wrists. Wasn\`t like I was
trying to kill myself, just hurt myself. Just a little.\
\
I was 16 and a friends party. She was more than a friend. Well to me she
was. We were close. But not in the way I wanted to be. I wanted more
than friendship. And she knew this. Our other friends said she used to
lead me on a bit. But she didn\`t she it. Anyway, at this party. I felt
that was the night we might get to be more than friends. I don\`t know
why. I\`m a 16 yr old boy.\
\
So we down drinks all night and she\`s going round all her friends and
sitting with us and laughing. And then her boyfriend comes in. Urgh. I
didn\`t even know. I felt like i\`d been punched in the chest. I had to
get out.\
\
A mate agreed to take me home cos I was drunk and upset and banging my
head against the toilet wall. I hate myself for ruining his night.\
\
We went back to his flat. I felt numb. Part drink, part emotion. I went
to the toilet . I saw the razor blade. I don\`t really remember much
after that except my mate screaming down the phone for an ambulance.\
\
I recovered. Got over her. Eventually and managed to go on with life
without a dark shadow hanging over me.\
\
Until I was 30 and I met C. My life wasn\`t too good. My wife and I
weren\`t exactly the closest couple. My brother had been killed by this
time and my wife\`s dad was dying from cancer.\
\
We met up, things happened things went wrong. All this over the course
of a few months. My wife\`s dad died. The old feelings of being helpless
came back. I was 16 again.\
\
I sat at my computer and thought I couldn\`t keep going on like this. I
took a plastic bag, put it over my head and tied it tight around my neck
and waited for the oxygen to run out.\
\
I was hyperventilating when my mobile rang and it was C on the phone. I
ripped the bag off in a panic. Running out of air is a horrible feeling.
Your body starts panicing and you breath faster and faster to try and
get what little air there is left into your lungs.\
\
Maybe I wasn\`t serious about going through with it. But why did C ring
up like that. It wasn\`t planned. It was out the blue.\
\
But I can understand how he could have killed himself. For me it was
love. Always is. For others it\`s money. Or feeling a failure. Or losing
your job.\
\
I often wonder how far I would have gone if it hadn\`t been for that
phone call.\
\
A lot went on in those months to get me to that point. And I vowed never
to get there again. I hope I can see the signs.\
\
Me and the wife split up. We\`s mentally seperated a long time ago
really. She was always with her mum after her dad died. Which I
understood. But she didn\`t need me.\
\
I felt guilty for all this happening whilst she dealt with her dad. But
I was still grieving over my brother. The blinkers were on. I could only
see the dark tunnel I was in.\
\
There\`s no accounting for timing I guess.
