\-\-- layout: post title: Lazy date: \'2006-05-24T22:55:00.000+01:00\'
author: Paddy tags: modified\_time: \'2006-05-24T23:12:56.346+01:00\'
blogger\_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-114850877632829078
blogger\_orig\_url: https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2006/05/lazy.html
\-\-- Ok, a friend emailed me this. So as i\`m in a lazy mood I thought
i\`d use it as today\`s post. I\`ve sent it on to some friends. I
apologise if i\`ve missed anybody. Put you replies in the comments if
you like.\
\
1. What time is it? 22:50\
\
2. Name: Patrick\
\
3. Nickname: Paddy\
\
4. Piercing: 6\
\
5. What is the most recent movie you\'ve seen in the theatre?? Silent
Hill\
\
6. Eye color:? Green/Grey ish\
\
7. Place of birth: Germany\
\
8. Favorite NEW foods: Fajhitas\
\
9. Ever been to Africa: No\
\
10. Ever been toilet papering: Kinda\
\
11. Love someone so much it made you cry: Yes\
\
12. Been in a car accident:? Yes\
\
13. Croutons or bacon bits:? Neither\
\
14. Favorite day of the week: Saturday\
\
15. Favorite restaurant: Frankie n Bennys\
\
16. Favorite Flower:? Not got one\
\
17. Favorite sport to watch : MotoGP\
\
18. Favorite drink:? Boddingtons\
\
19. Favorite ice cream: Ben n Jerrys\
\
20. Disney or Warner Brothers:? Warner Brothers\
\
21. How many times you failed your driver\'s test? 0\
\
22. Before this one, from whom did you get your last e-mail? Dunno, some
spam crap\
\
23. Which store would you choose to max out your credit card? PC World\
\
24.Favorite thing to do when you are bored: Sleep\
\
25. Bedtime? 11pm - midnight\
\
26. Who will respond to this e-mail the quickest? Deanna ;)\
\
27. Who is the person you sent this to that is least likely to respond:?
Jane, lol\
\
28. Who are you the most curious about their responses to this
questionnaire? Sallie\
\
29. Last person you went to dinner with? Zara, I think\
\
30. What are you listening to right now? Zara watching Desperate
Houswives\
\
31. What is your favorite colour? Purple\
\
32. How many tattoos do you have:? 2\
\
33. How many pets do you have? 6\
\
34. Which came first - the chicken or the egg? I probably came before
either of them ;)\
\
35. Are you a morning person? Sometimes\
\
36. Have you been overseas? Yes
