\-\-- layout: post title: Stolen date: \'2006-10-16T18:45:00.000+01:00\'
author: Paddy tags: - personal modified\_time:
\'2006-10-16T19:00:42.022+01:00\' blogger\_id:
tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-8293265512744562321
blogger\_orig\_url:
https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2006/10/stolen.html \-\-- It\'s
Monday.\
I\'m feeling lazy.\
So I blatantly stole this from
[Gemmak.](https://www.jmw500.blogspot.com/)\
Which is fine as she stole it too.\
\
**ARE YOU:**\
1. A Cuddler? Yes\
2. A morning person? Yes, Damnit!\
3. Are you a perfectionist? Kinda\
4. An only child? I am now :(\
5. Catholic: NO!\
6. In your pajamas? Do I look like i\'m 5?\
7. Currently suffering from a broken heart? Nope\
8. Okay styling other people\'s hair? Define style\
9. Left handed? No\
10. Addicted to MySpace? Not so much\
11. Shy around the opposite gender? No.\
12. Loud? No\
\
**DO YOU:**\
12. Bite your nails? No\
13. Get paranoid at times? At times\
14. Currently regret something that you have said/done? No\
15. Curse frequently when you get mad? Constantly\
16. Enjoy country music? No\
17. Enjoy jazz music? No\
18. Enjoy smoothies? No\
19. Enjoy talking on the phone? Sometimes\
20. Have a lot to learn? And then some!\
21. Have a pet? A few :)\
22. Have a tendency to fall for the \"wrong\" person? Has been known\
23. Have all your grandparents died? No\
24. Have at least one sibling? -\
25. Have been told that you are smart? Yes, believe it or not!\
26. Have had a broken bone? Yes\
27. Have Caller I.D. on your phone? No\
\
**HAVE YOU:**\
28. Changed a diaper? Urgh, yes\
29. Changed a lot over the past year? Yes\
30. Had friends who have never seen your natural hair color? Yes\
31. Had surgery? No\
32. Killed anyone? Not yet!\
33. Had your haircut within the last week? Noooo\
\
**LAST PERSON WHO:**\
1. Slept in the bed beside you? My girlfriend, Zara\
2. Saw you cry? Zara\
3. Went to the movies with you? Umm, Zara\
4. You went to the mall with? As Above\
5. You went to dinner with? Zara and my mum..\
6. You talked to on the phone? Workmate\
7. Said \'I love you\' to you and meant it? again, Zara\
8. Broke your heart? Nicole\
9. Made you laugh? Zara\
\
**WOULD YOU RATHER?**\
1. Pierce your nose or tongue? Nose already pierced so i\'ll go with
tongue\
2. Be serious or be funny? Funny\
3. Drink whole or skim milk? Skim\
4. Die in a fire or drown? Drown\
5. Spend time with your parents or enemies? Parents\
\
**ABOUT YOU!**\
1. What time is it? 18:57\
2 Name? Patrick\
3. Nickname(s)? Paddy\
4. Where were you born? Germany\
5. What is your birthdate? April \'70\
6 What do you want? More Nintendo DS games!\
7. Where do you want to live? Somewhere warm, but not hot\
8. How many kids do you want? None
