\-\-- layout: post title: Deja Vu date:
\'2006-08-12T15:06:00.000+01:00\' author: Paddy tags: modified\_time:
\'2006-08-12T15:27:07.323+01:00\' blogger\_id:
tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-115539282724851970
blogger\_orig\_url:
https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2006/08/deja-vu.html \-\-- I\`ve been
trying to write this post since last night.\
Various events have been stopping me. Mainly on how to put the jumble of
thought in my head into any meaningful coherent sentences.\
I\`m not sure i\`m actually there yet. But the house is empty so I
really should make the most of the peace and quiet.\
\
I have a workmate.\
This workmate has a friend.\
And this friends\' brother was killed yesterday in an accident at work.\
\
My workmate was pretty shocked by it all as he had to drive his friend
to the hospital, or parents, or something. I can\'t remember the detail
now.\
\
It wasn\'t like a bolt of lightning hitting me, but slowly through the
day little snippets of the past filtered into my head.\
\
I know exactly how this friend is feeling right now. The circumstances
may be different. But the emotion is the same. It\'s the sort of thing
you never forget. I can picture exactly where I was sitting when Tina
(ex-wife) took the phonecall telling me my brother had been killed.
Although the tv was on I cannot remember what program we were watching,
which is kinda odd really considering how clear the rest of this image
is inside my head.\
\
I remember driving up to my parents house as fast as I could. Even
though part of me didn\'t actually want to see the anguish on their
faces.\
\
I remember my mum\'s face.\
\
I remember we laid in bed pretty much half the night talking about him,
drinking whisky until either raw emotion or alchohol made me fall
asleep.\
\
I remember how the days and weeks and months afterwards all merged
together. How nothing mattered. Everything seemed so trivial. I was
floating. It all felt so\...surreal.\
\
I remember seeing my dad cry for the second time in my life. The first
being when his mother died.\
\
Momentary flashes of the past kept coming in and out of focus. I tried
to help my workmate, advise him on how to help his friend. And if there
was anything I could do then just call.\
\
The poor bastard has got everything I went through to come. As far as
i\`m aware nobody else was involved in this accident though. So at least
this friend won\'t have the overwhelming urge to kill the person who
took the life of someone so close.\
\
An eye for an eye right.\
\
That feeling didn\'t last long fortunately. All part of the anger. The
feeling helpless. The wanting for someone to punished. To feel the
hurt.\
\
I don\'t cry now.\
\
Not until something like this brings it all back. Like someone has
picked the scab off this raw emotion.\
\
And now the feeling are buried inside me again. Waiting to well up.\
\
I feel calm.\
I feel ok today.\
I just feel tired.
