\-\-- layout: post title: Gits date: \'2006-04-20T21:23:00.000+01:00\'
author: Paddy tags: modified\_time: \'2006-04-20T21:40:45.686+01:00\'
blogger\_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-114556564560685165
blogger\_orig\_url: https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2006/04/gits.html
\-\-- Ok, it\`s rant time.\
\
Companies, corporations. Whatever. I hate them. As of this moment i\`d
chop off their heads and shit down their throats.\
\
And after tonight I think Zara would do the same.\
\
2 Steps to being pissed off:\
\
1 Sign up on website to gain access. (Which also meant entering phone
number)\
2. Get phone call at 8:45pm trying to talk you into joining \'our
wonderful bookclub\'\
\
So now Zara is stressed. Which means i\`m stressed. We don\`t need this
hassle. We don\`t need some numpty on the end of a phone talking at us
trying to wear us down until we sign our life away to buy and endless
supply of books from them.\
\
We\`re not interested. We would\`ve signed up on the site if we had
been.\
We don\`t need you to ring us late at night to try and convince us.\
We don\`t want you to ring back in a couple of days to give us time to
think about it.\
\
Now sod off.\
\
Except we can\`t say things like that to them as we\`re not arrogant,
rude or insensitive. So we sit their listening to them rambling on
quietly trying to talk our way out of what obviousely is a deal of a
lifetime.\
\
Although I am damn interested in the SciFi & Fantasy bookclub.\
\
Damn them.\
\
AND THEN..\
\
and then there\`s record companies. Don\`t you just love copy
protection?\
\
Yeah, it\`s great. And completely useless.\
\
Half an hour using Sound Juice CD Ripper, EasyTAG and sound converter
and the wonderfully new cd Zara had bought was sitting on my hard drive.
And all because she wants to copy it to minidisc for the car and I can
put it on my iPod.\
\
A legitimately purchased cd in case any lawyers are reading!\
\
So give yourselves a pat on the back EMI cos all you did was cause Zara
and me a moment of grief and your wonderful new technology was as much
good as a chocolate teapot.\
\
And all you\`re doing is MAKING people into pirates.\
\
It\`s no wonder allofmp3.com is so popular.
