\-\-- layout: post title: Mmmuppet! date:
\'2006-10-04T18:48:00.000+01:00\' author: Paddy tags: - personal
modified\_time: \'2006-10-04T19:20:23.494+01:00\' blogger\_id:
tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-3406756348321405054
blogger\_orig\_url:
https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2006/10/mmmuppet.html \-\-- I\'ve
bottled it up long enough. Well, actually I haven\'t \'cos I tend to
rant to Zara about him\...but anyway, today was extra special.\
\
There\'s this guy.\
\
Wow, now that sounds gay! Ok, there\'s this workmate. He\'s only been
working for us about a month. But been working in the industry about 7
years. But, well, how can I put this.\
\
Chocolate fireguard\
Chocolate teapot\
Ashtray on a motorbike\
Fart in a paperbag\
\
All the above are more useful than this guy.\
\
I try to talk to him as little as possible. But in a place with only
half a dozen people in it; that makes it kinda difficult.\
\
Example:\
\
[Him:]{style="font-weight:bold;"} So do you like listening to Christina
Aquawhatsherface (ok, I made thayt last name up, but you know who I
mean)\
[Me:]{style="font-weight:bold;"} Not really, she\'s damn sexy tho.\
Him: Yeah, what about Bouncy (Beyonce, or whatever her name is)\
[Me:]{style="font-weight:bold;"} Umm, no.\
\
[Him:]{style="font-weight:bold;"} Where\'s the chair? (there\'s a chair
out in the factory for us to use, but I nicked it and put it in my work
room)\
[Me:]{style="font-weight:bold;"} In my room (which you should already
know as you saw me sitting on it before tea break)\
[Him,]{style="font-weight:bold;"} Oh, what\'s it in there for.\
[Me:]{style="font-weight:bold;"} What the hell do you think it\'s in
there for\...decoration!\
[Me:]{style="font-weight:bold;"} \*leaps over workbench to batter muppet
senseless\*\
\
Ok, maybe the last two bits didn\'t happen\...but it was close.\
\
Now, I guess he was probably just trying to make conversation. But i\'m
not the chitty chatty kind of person. But he doesn\'t seem to take the
hint.\
\
And\...he doesn\'t really seem to take in my, um, natural surroundings.\
\
I have long hair\
I have piercings and tattoos\
I generally wear linkin park, Limp Bizkit t-shirts\
I wear a Deftones hooded top\
\
Do I look like the kind of person to listen to Be-bloody-once. Or be
interested in the fact you went to see Kylie last year.\
\
I must sound like a right twat talking about him like this. But if you
had to work with him 8 hours a day you\'d understand. I think most
workplaces have at least one person they could do without.\
\
Maybe i\'ve been that person!\
\
Meh, such is life. Ok, i\'m done.
