\-\-- layout: post title: Reeeelax! date:
\'2006-04-14T14:04:00.000+01:00\' author: Paddy tags: modified\_time:
\'2006-04-14T14:23:33.373+01:00\' blogger\_id:
tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-114502101335767386
blogger\_orig\_url:
https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2006/04/reeeelax.html \-\-- Ah,
Easter.\
\
That wonderful religious time of the year.\
\
If you\`re a Christian: The God who created this universe sent His Son
to die on a cross in order to save us from our sins and give us eternal
life.\
\
If you\`re Pagan: originally the name of pagan vernal festival . . .
Eastre, dawn goddess. [Or something like that. I was trying to find a
shortened version, but without pasting reams n reams of info then this
is all you\`re gonna get]{style="font-style:italic;"}\
\
Or if you\`re me: Then it\`s a 4 day weekend!..woohoo.\
\
I\`ve had a nice quiet morning as Zara had to work [\*insert evil laugh
here\*]{style="font-weight:bold;"}. Although that should end any moment
now as she and my mum come over to do the wallpapering of the bathroom.\
\
So until them i\`m sat here in the computer room on the sofa having a
completely geeky moment with my laptop on my knee, my videocasts playing
on my pc through itunes. And my ipod strapped to my side. Ahh, so many
security blankets!\
\
Zara left me a list of chores to do this morning which I can proudly
report I have all done. So hopefully I won\`t get told off when she gets
in ;)\
\
T\`was a bit strange getting to lay in bed whilst she ran around getting
ready for work. But strange in a nice way, heh.\
\
And impatiently sat watching my counter edge closer n closer to the
magic 1000 visitor mark. I have no idea why. But is seems like a bit of
a milestone.
