\-\-- layout: post title: Ring ring date: \'2006-03-24T20:46:00.000Z\'
author: Paddy tags: modified\_time: \'2006-03-24T20:55:49.230Z\'
blogger\_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-114323374912918217
blogger\_orig\_url:
https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2006/03/ring-ring.html \-\-- Another
geeky moment. I know. I\`m a sad case really.\
\
Got a lovely phone call from T-Mobile saying i\`m eligible for an
upgrade. And as my Nokia 6610i is in a bad way.\
\
Damn those cheap Chinese covers.\
\
Well. It didn\`t take much convinving on the part of the salesperson
that what I need is a new phone.\
\
So now i\`m going to be awake all night with excitement waiting for it
to be delivered tomorrow.\
\
Like I said. I\`m a sad case.\
\
It\`s been a long week at work so it\`s nice to look forward to
something. That\`s my excuse anyway.\
\
The boss it back next week. Oh happy happy joy joy. We worked with the
factory costings a bit more and it turns out we\`re not quite up shit
creak yet. It\`s still a bit worrying though. Looks like my one man
leading department (consisting of yours truly) is the only one making
any money when it comes to double glazed units.\
\
Yay me!\
\
To be honest if he ditched a couple of the slackers in there then things
would improve no end. I\`m starting to lose the inclination to really
care. Why should I? nobody else seems to.\
\
I don\`t want to be like that. I ended up hating the last place I
worked. Doing the same kind of work!\
\
Well it\`s Friday. So no more thinking of work until 8am Monday.
