\-\-- layout: post title: Work work date:
\'2006-05-14T18:34:00.000+01:00\' author: Paddy tags: modified\_time:
\'2006-05-14T19:19:18.583+01:00\' blogger\_id:
tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-114763075560093364
blogger\_orig\_url:
https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2006/05/work-work.html \-\-- No rest
for the wicked today.\
Well, until now. I ache so I\`m laid in the bath soothing my aches n
pains.\
\
Have I mentioned I ache?\
The day started at 7:30 pm and me n Zara dragged ourselves out of bed to
go watch the MotoGP from China. Now there\`s dedication for you.\
\
Then for me it was a day of work as I did a little bit of work on the
side and made myself £130.\
So now here I lay in the bath looking at whatever sick shit ogrish.com
have on their site.\
\
It\`s my way of telling myself that life could be worse. That the UK
isn\`t such a bad place to live and that i\`m not involved in any sort
of bullshit religion. Which is pretty much all of them.\
\
Although you have to laugh when you see some Islamic freaks spouting
their venom and hatred for the west whilst wearing Nike heahbands. The
stupidity of the human race never ceases to amaze me.\
\
Anyway, enough of the nasty side of life. I really don\`t know where
i\`m going with post. If anywhere. I\`ve written then deleted a bunch of
sentences by this point. And not all of them because of my crappy
spelling.\
\
I\`m feeling calm and relaxed. But still a bit achey. I think the day is
just catching up with me so I haven\`t the energy to get arsey about
anything.\
\
I\`m sure that\`ll change after tomorrow and another wonderful Monday at
work.
