\-\-- layout: post title: Yawn date: \'2006-03-18T21:05:00.000Z\'
author: Paddy tags: modified\_time: \'2006-03-18T21:15:44.753Z\'
blogger\_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-114271654444914042
blogger\_orig\_url: https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2006/03/yawn.html
\-\-- Well it\`s been a long day today. By long day I mean, short day.
And by short day I mean didn\`t get out of bed until after 3pm.\
\
And i\`m still tired. I think laying in bed all day has the opposite
effect on me. The longer i\`m there the rougher I feel. Still it wasn\`t
an unproductive lay in bed.\
\
No. Now get any dirty thoughts out your head. Well, maybe leave a couple
in there.\
\
But no. I had a breakthrough. Success was found to be tasting so sweet.
Things were\...well\...good!\
\
[Linux works on my laptop!]{style="font-weight:bold;"}\
\
And\
\
[Linux connects to the internet!]{style="font-weight:bold;"}\
\
[From my laptop!!]{style="font-weight:bold;"}\
\
Ok. So this may not be the most earth shattering life changing event
ever to have befallen me. But it comes pretty damn close.\
\
Still doesn\`t like my stupid USB network adaptor on my backup pc. But
hey. One miracle at a time.\
\
So what is the lord and saviour of my Linux experiance? Ubuntu! Good old
lovely Gnome based Ubuntu. After what feels like eons of swearing by KDE
I thougt i\`d give Gnome a try. And lo, it was good.\
\
I apologise if this post is boring the pants off you. Hmm, which if you
happen to be a woman of the female persuasion conjurs up wonderful
images\...send any pics to pa\....\
\
\...ok, maybe not. So anyway, I shall finish the post full of geeky
goodness and go cheer on Peter Duncan on The Games. Can\`t believe he\`s
51!! Still remember him on Blue Peter.\
\
Anyway. I\`m typing this post on my lovely Linux fueled laptop so i\`m
as happy as a bunny in a carrot factory.\
\
Right. I feel better for that.
