\-\-- layout: post title: Slooooow date: \'2006-03-04T22:23:00.000Z\'
author: Paddy tags: modified\_time: \'2006-03-04T22:37:35.606Z\'
blogger\_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-114151185040808828
blogger\_orig\_url:
https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2006/03/slooooow.html \-\-- Ok,
couldn\`t think of a suitable title so thought i\`d comment on how long
it\`s taking to copy 100Mb over from my main pc to my laptop via
wireless. Only 3 minutes to go now\...sigh.\
\
So how was Paddy\`s day going I hear you ask. Or maybe you don\`t ask
but I\`m gonna tell you anyway.\
\
It started well. It started very well. Although I shan\`t go into that
as Zara will get embarrassed, and then violent!\
\
Ooh, 25 secs to go until I can watch MacBreak.\
\
Anyway. We had snow last night. A lot of snow. Most of which melted
today. But just left enough for Garfield to go mental in and try and
eat.\
\
Shopping was done. Parent visiting was done.\
\
Then we watched Crash. Wow. What a film. I felt so drained after
watching it. I actually didn\`t want it to end, I could have watched
another hour or so of it. I feel I should wax deep n meaningful over it
but i\`m tired. And slightly grumpy as I managed to put myself in the
doghouse with Zara over where I hung some towels.\
\
One day i\`ll manage to go 24 hours without managing to piss her off or
upset her in some way. But maybe due to the fact i\`m male that that\`s
an impossibility.\
\
So i\`m laid here\...yes it\`s a bath moment again. First since Thursday
night due to much tiling drama on Friday night. I\`ve got my videocasts
on my laptop and a nice hot bath and a glass of Glenfiddich so I\`m a
happy bunny.\
\
Until tomorrow that is. And thats when the plasterboarding begins.
