\-\-- layout: post title: Put 2 & 2 together! date:
\'2006-07-06T19:54:00.000+01:00\' author: Paddy tags: modified\_time:
\'2006-07-06T20:01:01.863+01:00\' blogger\_id:
tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-115221246184276837
blogger\_orig\_url:
https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2006/07/put-2-2-together.html \-\-- A
moment to vent. I\`m probably the only one to despair at this. Kinda
depressing really though.\
\
Taken from
[newswire](https://www.newswire.co.nz/main/viewstory.aspx?storyid=325222&catid=17):\
\
The number of humpback whales in the South Pacific is continuing to
drop, according to an annual survey that follows the species\'
movements.\
\
The two-week survey by the Department of Conservation monitors humpback
whales passing through Cook Strait on their way to breeding grounds in
the South Pacific.\
\
Helped by retired whalers, only 14 whales were spotted compared with 18
at the same time last year and 47 in 2004.\
\
Scientist Simon Childerhouse says it is probably a year-to-year
variation, but it is
disappointing\....[more](https://www.newswire.co.nz/main/viewstory.aspx?storyid=325222&catid=17)\
\
AND\
\
the following taken from
[BoingBoing](https://www.boingboing.net/2006/06/30/whale_meat_sold_by_t.html)\
\
[Whale meat sold by the can in Japan]{style="font-weight:bold;"}\
According to Tokyo Times blog, there\'s a glut in the whale meat
market.\
\
With the prospect of Japan getting the go-ahead to resume commercial
whaling in the not so necessarily distant future, the people in power
are desperately trying to get rid of the nation's growing stock of
scientific research by-products -- or whale meat as it's more commonly
known. School children in certain prefectures are being served it for
lunch, one restaurant chain is offering whale burgers, and, in a rather
desperate measure, dogs are allegedly being fed the stuff, whether they
like it or not.
