\-\-- layout: post title: Old date: \'2006-03-21T21:50:00.000Z\' author:
Paddy tags: modified\_time: \'2006-03-21T22:32:28.343Z\' blogger\_id:
tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-114297950287424279
blogger\_orig\_url: https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2006/03/old.html
\-\-- I must be addicted to this blogging thingy.\
\
I had this sudden urge to post something. The trouble is I have nothing
to say really. Just this overwhelming need to type.\
\
Of course it could just be because it gives me an excuse to use Ubuntu
on my laptop. Have I mentioned I got Linux running on my laptop ;) I\`ve
even got Firefox 1.5 installed and running nicely. Of course I didn\`t
have a clue what I was doing. Thank God for wiki\`s.\
\
Ok, ok\....no more Linux talk. Else i\`ll in danger of having to add my
blog to the Tech catagory!\
\
Well, I would be if I knew what the hell I was doing half the time.\
\
So i\`m sprawled out on the settee watching The Games on C4. I\`m in awe
of Peter Duncan. At 51 he\`s competing with lads half his age. And doing
well as well.\
\
But I bet he couldn\`t get Linux to install. Ok, ok, I know. I\`m the
only one who cares.\
\
Maybe i\`m hitting a mid life crisis. Although I haven\`t got the urge
to buy a big harley and go round in leather all the time.\
\
I was looking at my hands the other day; and they are starting to look
old. I guess 15 years working with glass hasn\`t helped. I blame my
parents. If they stopped getting old then so would I.\
\
It was my mum\`s birthday at the weekend. It\`ll be the big six oh next
year. Sorry mum if you\`re reading this. My dad is heading towards 70.
70! thats grandparent age. Not parent.\
\
I think i\`m scared. Scared of my parents growing old. My parents are
still young in my mind. I find myself running through in my mind when I
get the call that my dad is ill\...or worse.\
\
How i\`m going to cope.\
How i\`m going to react.\
Being there for my mum.\
\
I\`ve done this since after my brother was killed. I remember getting
the phone call about his death like it was yesterday. It\`s so clear in
my mind.\
\
I guess i\`m preparing. I know it\`ll happen one day.\
\
I\`m not obsessing over it or anything. Just every so often it hits me.
So maybe it\`s just me.\
\
Maybe i\`m just getting old.
