\-\-- layout: post title: Memory date: \'2006-04-26T22:32:00.000+01:00\'
author: Paddy tags: modified\_time: \'2006-04-26T23:06:04.113+01:00\'
blogger\_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-114608915737694605
blogger\_orig\_url:
https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2006/04/memory.html \-\-- Another day
nearer being another year older.\
\
Been a bit out of it today. Just a little.\
\
The things that trigger a memory.\
\
A sound\
An image\
A smell\
\
I really want to know what it is, cos i\`ve only smelt it less than a
handful of times, but it hits me like i\`ve been punched in the
stomach.\
\
It\`s an aftershave in case you were wondering what i\`m on about.\
\
After my brothers first accident. When he was getting better, but still
in hospital, his girlfriend would come in and help him get ready for the
day. This included shaving, then drowning him in what I assume was her
favourite aftershave.\
\
I don\`t think David really knew or cared what it was at the time.\
\
Anyway. This mental ordour image has ingrained itself on my brain.\
\
It reminds me of wondering if my brother even knew who I was at the
time.\
It reminds me of sitting there whilst he stroked my hair. The first sign
of any sort of recognition.\
It reminds me of playing TOCA constantly on his ps1\
\
All the emotion, stress, heartache comes flooding back in one wave
whenever I smell that aftershave. My stomach knots up and I get a lump
in my throat. Just for a moment I wonder if i\`m stood in work or in the
hospital.\
\
The raw moment doesn\`t last long. But it throws me for the rest of the
day. It\`s like there\`s a fog infront of my eyes, And then th real
world comes rushing back.\
\
Nobody know\`s whats going on in my head. Life goes on. All the petty
squabbles of day to day work wash over me.\
\
In and odd way it\`s calming.\
\
The thought that in x number of years. None of this is really going to
matter.
