\-\-- layout: post title: Crick! date: \'2006-11-13T18:02:00.000Z\'
author: Paddy tags: - personal modified\_time:
\'2006-11-13T18:22:22.026Z\' blogger\_id:
tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-1065441404427758870
blogger\_orig\_url: https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2006/11/crick.html
\-\-- Never thought i\'d say it, but finally the weekend is over.\
It was 2 days of taking the wrong route on any decision.\
If i\'d gone to work on Saturday I wouldn\'t have wrecked my back
helping with the pets.\
If i\'d gone and had my bath straight aways and not helped Zara in the
kitchen we wouldn\'t have argued when we did and have a night feeling
miserable.\
\
Amazing, and quite scary how one little change in direction can set the
whole of your day in a different light.\
\
Wow, well there\'s my deep n meaningful moment out the way for today.\
\
I\'ve done my good deed for the day. A fly landed in my bathwater, so I
fished it out and now it\'s sat next to me drying.\
\
I really am a soft sod.\
\
I might put the hair dryer on it in a while to help it out.\
\
Damnit.\
\
So I had a \'i hate my job\' kinda day today. Which probably isn\'t
helping my mood any, along with my back.\
\
I need a break. Christmas is starting to take way too long to get here
now. I\'ve had enough of this year.\
\
I need it to be in 5 weeks time, right now. 18th December. Happy
Birthday brother. You would be. Should be 34. I start to get anxious,
although really it\'s just another day.\
\
But it\'s not.\
\
Ok, I really don\'t know where i\'m going with this train of thought. My
head is all jumbled up.\
\
So i\'ll leave it there.
