\-\-- layout: post title: Grout! date: \'2006-04-08T22:32:00.000+01:00\'
author: Paddy tags: modified\_time: \'2006-04-08T22:53:13.490+01:00\'
blogger\_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-114453319345010165
blogger\_orig\_url: https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2006/04/grout.html
\-\-- Not sure I should be posting anything here tonight as everything
is against me.\
\
I\`m tired\
I\`m drinking Glenfiddich\
I\`m in the bath, with the lights out cos we have no curtains up and I
don\`t really want the neighbours seeing me naked\
The room is full of paint fumes\
\
So if I start talking about the pretty pink elephants flying round the
room you\`ll know why.\
\
All things considered I\`m in quite a good mood. I was up early doing
the grouting in the bathroom. Now have to spend tomorrow scraping all
the excess off.\
\
Me. Up early. At the weekend. Doing DIY for fraks sake!\
\
My ex wife would turn in her grave if i\`d had the chance to do away
with her and put her under the patio.\
\
Ahem..\
\
I\`m turning more into a geek as time goes on. I\`ve been using Ubunto
pretty much all the time on both my laptop and main pc. As soon as they
find a way to use Itunes in it, and play games then i\`ll be there full
time!\
\
Although I don\`t play games that much now. Maybe I AM getting old. I
used to be able to sit up until 4am playing Civilisation on my Amiga
night after night. But now. barely 2 hours can pass and I need a break.
Or Zara is trying to get me to join the real world for something dull
and ordinary\...like eating!\
\
Anyway, time for a gripe.\
\
The one thing that hacks me off more than anything when I\`m online is
Instant Messaging.\
\
Not the actual act of instant messaging. But the times went people
don\`t message you back, It really fucks me off when I send a message
saying hi and don\`t get a reply.\
\
I don\`t mean the times when people are marked as away or busy. But the
times they\`re just sat there. And several minutes later they log off.\
\
Now i\`m thinking. They know i\`m here. They have a message from me. And
they just go. Just a quick hi n bye isn\`t much to ask for. It\`s just
plain rude if you ask me. Maybe they just don\`t feel like chatting. Or
don\`t feel like chatting to me\...fine. But don\`t just fucking snub me
and log off thinking I won\`t notice.\
\
Ok, I know I shouldn\`t take it personal. But I tend to behave online
like I do in real life. Which is probably kind of scary. Well, I mean
I\`m not rude, or ignore people or anything. You wouldn\`t do it if
someone you knew came up to you in the street and said hi and you just
kept walking.\
\
Maybe it\`s the whisky winding me up. So I\`ll leave it there before my
blood pressure gets too high!\
\
In the great scheme of things it\`s not a major problem. But in the here
and now it pisses me off.\
\
Damnit, I hate ending on a sour note.\
\
So\...umm\....fluffy puppies!\
\
There, that\`s better.
