\-\-- layout: post title: Over 25? date: \'2007-01-17T18:50:00.000Z\'
author: Paddy tags: modified\_time: \'2007-01-17T18:54:21.627Z\'
blogger\_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-17598736.post-4289166349937549413
blogger\_orig\_url:
https://paddeesplace.blogspot.com/2007/01/over-25.html \-\-- SYMPTOMS OF
BEING OVER 25\
\
1. You leave clubs before the end to \"beat the rush\".\
\
2. You get more excited about having a roast on a Sunday than going
clubbing the night before.\
\
3. You stop dreaming of becoming a professional footballer and start
dreaming of having a son who might instead.\
\
4. Before throwing the local paper away, you look through the property
section.\
\
5. All of a sudden, middle aged people are not 46, they are only 46.\
\
6. Before going out anywhere, you ask whether there is anywhere to
park.\
\
7. Rather than throw a knackered pair of trainers out, you keep them
because they\'ll be alright for the DIY or in the garden.\
\
8. You buy T-shirts without anything written on them.\
\
9. Instead of laughing at the innovations catalogue that falls out of
the newspaper, you suddenly see both the benefit and money saving
Properties of most of the things that are in it.\
\
10. You start to worry about your parents\' health.\
\
11. You have more disposable income, but everything you want or need to
buy costs between 200 and 500 quid.\
\
12. You don\'t get funny looks when you buy a Disney video or a Wallace
And Gromit bubble bath, as the sales assistant assumes they are for your
children.\
\
13. Pop music all starts to sound the same.\
\
14. You opt for Pizza Express over Pizza Hut because they do a really
nice half-bottle of house red.\
\
15. You always have enough milk in.\
\
16. To compensate for the fact that you have little desire to go
clubbing, you instead frequent trendy bars and restaurants in the
mistaken belief that you have not turned into your parents.\
\
17. While flicking through the TV channels, you happen upon C4\'s Time
Team with Tony Robinson. You get drawn in.\
\
18. The benefits of a pension scheme become clear.\
\
19. You go out of your way to pick up a colour chart from B&Q.\
\
20. You wish you had a shed.\
\
21. You have a shed.\
\
22. You actually find yourself saying \"They don\'t make \'em like that
anymore\" and \"I remember when there were only 4 TV channels\" and
\"Not in my day\....\"\
\
23. Radio 2 play more songs you know than Radio 1 - and Jeremy Vine has
some really interesting guests on.\
\
24. Instead of tutting at old people who take ages to get off the bus,
You tut at rowdy school children.\
\
25. When sitting outside a pub you admire their hanging baskets.\
\
26. You find yourself saying \"is it cold in here or is it just me
